Simplified quickstart instructions (#1)
izmalk/sphinx-docs-starter-pack: docs/content/quickstart.rst

.. _quickstart:

================
Quickstart guide
================

> 

Reviewer: This may look unnecessary, but we should avoid using adjacent headings ([without content](https://docs.ubuntu.com/styleguide/en#headings)). Also, I feel like the [See also](https://github.com/izmalk/sphinx-docs-starter-pack/pull/1/files#diff-296c2b80d611bfb273477cdccd96e88d8a249c0077a3ccfc8ed2d3ac6db2fba7R45) sentence may be overlooked without a highlight at the end of this page, so I've decided it would be in our best interest to move the references up here. Two birds with one stone.

```suggestion

This page contains a short guide on how to set up and use the starter pack. For more information, see the respective sections of the starter pack documentation: 
:ref:`setup`, :ref:`update`, :ref:`automatic-checks`.

```

I'd prefer these references to be distributed across relevant page sections, but I do see elegance in this solution as well.

Initial setup
=============

Clone the `Starter pack <https://github.com/canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack>`_ repository to a temporary local folder.

> If this is to be incorporated into another software repository: rename it (to :file:`docs`, by preference). Move it to the root of the repository. Delete :file:`.git`, :file:`.gitignore`, :file:`LICENSE`, :file:`README.rst`.

Reviewer: We can't rename the repo's temporary local folder to `docs`. The proper `docs` folder is inside this repo, so we should just copy it. Also, I'd prefer to copy the necessary files over copying all of them and deleting the rest.

> If this is to be incorporated into another software repository

We no longer support a variety of deployment folders. It should be the `docs` folder by default, anticipating it to be in a product's repository. Any change to that is possible but is not supported by us.

That is why I suggest using the following revised version:

```suggestion
Copy the following folders and files preserving their paths from the starter pack to the repository you want your documentation to be:

   - :file:`docs`
   - :file:`.readthedocs.yaml`
   - :file:`.wokeignore`
   - :file:`.github/workflows/*-checks.yml`
```

We can simplify the instructions here by splitting the first three elements with the note to copy to the root of the repo and the fourth with the instructions to copy to the `.github/workflows/` folder inside the repo. It will be a bit simpler but will take more space which is not that big of an issue here. I'm pretty neutral choosing between these variants:

```suggestion
Copy the following folder and files to the root of the repository with the new documentation:

   - :file:`docs`
   - :file:`.readthedocs.yaml`
   - :file:`.wokeignore`
   
Additionally, copy the documentation tests workflow files :file:`.github/workflows/*-checks.yml` to the respective folder in the new repository.
```

Build and run the local server
==============================

Prerequisites (which you probably have installed already) are:

* ``make`` 
* ``python3``
* ``python3-venv``
* ``python3-pip`` 

In :file:`docs` run::

    make run

This: creates and activates a virtual environment in :file:`docs/.sphinx/venv`, builds the documentation and serves it at :literalref:`http://127.0.0.1:8000/`.

The server watches the source files, including :file:`conf.py`, and rebuilds automatically on changes.

Configure :file:`conf.py`

> =========================

Reviewer: As per our [style guide](https://docs.ubuntu.com/styleguide/en#headings) we should consider the heading without a code block or monospace element.

```suggestion
Adjust config
=============
```

> Work through the settings in :file:`conf.py`. At this stage most can be left as they are, or simply ignored. They can all be changed later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Work through the settings in :file:`conf.py`. Most parameters can be left as they are or simply ignored. They can all be changed later.
```

Update content
==============

The landing page is :file:`docs/index.rst`. Other pages are under :file:`docs/content`.

> See also: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * :ref:`setup`
> * :ref:`build`
> * :ref:`guidance`
> * :ref:`edit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
